- [Instructor] Over the next couple of videos,
we're going to be deploying a JAR, a WAR,
and a Docker image on AWS and Azure.
In order to do this, we'll first need to create
and sign up for an account in AWS.
In a later video, we'll focus on Azure.
With all of this said,
let's jump into creating an AWS account.
Please navigate in your browsers over to aws.amazon.com.
And when the page loads,
you should see a button that says Create AWS Account.
Mine says complete Sign Up.
Go ahead and click the button.
Ensure that you're creating a new AWS account.
And hopefully, we'll all now be here
on the same sign up page.
Keep in mind that this account
is good for 12 months for free
and remains free for the trial period based, of course,
on the types of products you use.
Throughout the next several tutorials,
we'll ensure to tear down our deployments after each use
so as not to get into any usage charges.
Now, this page requires that we provide
a valid email address.
I'm going to type,
cwm.simply.coding@gmail.com.
I'll provide a password.
I'll have to provide the confirm password.
And then we'll need to choose an AWS account name.
Click Continue.
Next, we're asked to enter the CAPTCHA text.
We'll do that now.
Click Continue.
Now, at this point,
we're asked to supply some contact information.
I'm going to choose personal for my own projects.
I'll supply my full name.
I'll enter my phone number.
For security reasons,
you won't be able to see this in the video.
Apply my region
and my address.
And don't forget to click,
I have read and agree to the terms
of the AWS customers service agreement.
Now, on this screen,
you're going to be prompted for a credit card information.
They won't charge for usage fees
as long as we stay below the AWS Free Tier limits,
but there will be a $1 hold fee
which will last for about three to five days.
This is to verify your identity.
Click Verify and Continue.
Okay, on the last screen,
please make sure your country code matches the country code
for the region that you give for a valid phone number.
It's up to you if you want to receive a voice call
or a text message
keep in mind that text message rates apply,
and well, please don't bill me if you choose that option.
Now, pay attention to this weird CAPTCHA code at the bottom.
I seem to always mess these up when I'm typing them in.
Okay, if you did everything correct,
you should get a text message or a voice call.
Go ahead and enter in the code that you received.
Click Continue.
And on this screen,
we're going to select Basic support, Free,
and click Complete to sign up.
Okay, that's it.
Congratulations.
You have successfully created an AWS Amazon account.
We'll click Go to AWS Management Console.
We'll enter our credentials.
Click Next, enter the CAPTCHA code
and the password.
Okay.
If you are successful,
you should land here on the AWS Management Console.